FEATURE:  GCLOUD DEPLOY IN GKE (#406)
devonfw/hangar: documentation/src/gcloud/setup-deploy-pipeline.asciidoc

:provider: Google Cloud
:pipeline_type: pipeline

> :trigger_sentence: This pipeline will be configured to be triggered after the package pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:trigger_sentence: This pipeline will be configured in order to be triggered every time package pipeline is executed successfully on a commit for `release/*` and `develop` branches, requiring manual launch for other branches
```

Hope this is true. Otherwise, fix pipeline definition accordingly.

:provider: Google Cloud
:pipeline_type: pipeline
:trigger_sentence: This pipeline will be configured to be triggered after the package pipeline
:pipeline_type2: pipeline
:path_provider: gcloud
:openBrowserFlag:
:no-PR-or-MR:

> :machineType:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
